hello I am igor dancers prof
choreographer and creator of swing at the
easy dance to dance with style and
in this video I will share with
you all who's swinging or this
new dance trend
it's been twenty years that I teach with
more than 25 thousand hours of lessons and more
a dozen shows
choreographed and obviously I have the
pleasure and happiness of dancing and
to burst on all the music of
dance but you have already arrived
to go in the evening to hear a music
super catchy of not being able
dance on it and therefore sit
or dance alone while you adore
to dance as a couple
it happened to me and even too much
often and the reason is simple
I took several years to find out
she lives in the tempo of music
the tempo is the speed of the music
and of course most of the pieces
current david guetta pitbull
the black eyed peas this tempo is
between 32 and 36 measurements among this is at
say on behalf of your forte that you have
for a minute and party for
dance in cha cha cha or west coast
swing is too fast in Roussel
simple is too slow and in tango we have
rarely place
it is by noting this lack we have
decided to fill it by creating the fridge
it allows you to dance easily and
with style on all music
current is a mix of rock'n'roll
tango of salsa
all figures are created for sedan
easily and easily on all
so many other pieces it's actually
the ideal dance we propose you to
discover the swing or in his videos and
exclusively
so I'm going in a moment you
explain how to easily dance the
swing allows you to dance in pairs
on all current music the
technique to improvise without limit
the unique way that allows dancers
to follow anyone's method
learning cocktails and more
again
what are you trying to do
discover a new dance and
new sensations
it will allow you to be able to
burst out dancing wherever we go
find on video for your first
runs immediately